PIPE-5421: Document Release serial group button and View job button in new pipelines UI (#10298)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/orchestrate/pages/controlling-serial-execution-across-your-organization.adoc

==== Release a serial group

You can manually release a serial group from the CircleCI web app to allow queuing jobs to start. To release a serial group is to allow the next job in the queue to start. The job you release from the queue will continue to run.

> ===== Current UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.Screenshot showing the serial group release modal
image::guides:ROOT:serial-groups/serial-group-release-modal.png[Serial group release modal]

****
*New Pipelines View (Beta)*

To access the new pipeline view, select *Pipelines* in the sidebar and toggle *New Pipelines View* to *On*.

> In the link:https://circleci.com/changelog/the-new-all-pipelines-page-is-now-available-in-beta/[new pipelines UI (beta)], you can release a serial group from the job side panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the link:https://circleci.com/changelog/the-new-all-pipelines-page-is-now-available-in-beta/[new pipelines UI (beta)], you can release a serial group from the job side panel.

To access the new pipeline view, select *Pipelines* in the sidebar and toggle *New Pipelines View* to *On*.
```

.Screenshot showing the serial group release modal
image::guides:ROOT:serial-groups/serial-group-release-modal.png[Serial group release modal]

> ===== New pipelines UI (beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
****
*New Pipelines View (Beta)*

To access the new pipeline view, select *Pipelines* in the sidebar and toggle *New Pipeline View (Beta)* to *On* 
```

Reviewer: This change will put the "New" steps into a separate block. Once the new view is standard we can swap out the steps?

In the link:https://circleci.com/changelog/the-new-all-pipelines-page-is-now-available-in-beta/[new pipelines UI (beta)], you can release a serial group from the job side panel.

. In the link:https://app.circleci.com/home[CircleCI web app], select your org.

> . Select *Pipelines* in the sidebar. If the new pipelines view is not already active, toggle on *New Pipelines View*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Locate the pipeline whose serial group job is currently running and select it to open its workflows in the sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the pipeline with a serial group job currently running and select it to open workflows in the sidebar.
```

> . Select the serial group job to open its side panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the serial group job to open the job panel.
```

. Select btn:[Release serial group].
+
.Screenshot showing the "Release serial group" button in the new pipelines UI side panel
image::guides:ROOT:serial-groups/serial-group-side-panel.png[Release serial group button in the new pipelines UI side panel]

If you are not sure which job currently holds the serial group lock, you can find it via a queued lock job:

. Select *Pipelines* in the sidebar.
. Locate any pipeline with a job that is queued by the same serial group and select it to open its workflows in the sidebar.
. Select the queued serial group job to open its side panel.
. Select btn:[View job] to navigate directly to the job that is currently holding the lock.
+
.Screenshot showing the "View job" button in the new pipelines UI side panel
image::guides:ROOT:serial-groups/serial-group-view-job.png[View job button in the new pipelines UI side panel]

> . From that job's side panel, select btn:[Release serial group].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From that job's side panel, select btn:[Release serial group].
****
```
